docs: document `preventDefault()` behavior for event listeners (#61184)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/templates/event-listeners.md

```

This can be useful for handling keyboard events consistently across different operating systems. For example, when using the Alt key on MacOS devices, the `key` property reports the key based on the character already modified by the Alt key. This means that a combination like Alt + S reports a `key` value of `'ß'`. The `code` property, however, corresponds to the physical or virtual button pressed rather than the character produced.

## Preventing Default Behavior

If your event handler should replace the native browser behavior, you can use the `$event`'s [`preventDefault()` method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/preventDefault):

```angular-ts
@Component({
  template: `
    <a href="#overlay" (click)="showOverlay($event)">
  `,
  ...
})
export class AppComponent{
  showOverlay(event: PointerEvent): void {
    event.preventDefault();
    console.log('Show overlay without updating the URL!');
  }
}
```

> If the event handler statement evaluates to `false`, Angular will treat it as an implicit call to `$event.preventDefault()`. This is similar to `return false` in HTML event handler attributes. Relying on this behavior is discouraged. It's usually clearer to explicitly call `preventDefault()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the event handler statement evaluates to `false`, Angular automatically calls `preventDefault()`, similar to [native event handler attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes#event_handler_attributes). *Always prefer explicitly calling `preventDefault`*, as this approach makes the code's intent obvious.
```
